hi my dear subscribers in this
video I want to show you how to do
unusual nail design in this video you
show you how to draw a constellation
a small bear on the nails, and of course
space I covered my nails with a base
coated and clear varnish will serve me
as so on, we need the following
colors turquoise white lacquer
lilac and black brew and tassels
true any brush for prize japan
splashes of doses and a thin brush in his
I need this design to be white
plus cars
a piece of foam rubber acrylic white paint
a container with a little bit of foil and
napkin proceed now I'm all nails
I will cover with black enamel varnish
wait for the varnish to dry and cover the second
layer when
my black varnish has dried the second layer on
palette point
I apply white lacquer, take doses and arrange
accents and waiting for my accents to dry
while my little circles dry up I
I will not waste time putting on the palette
white acrylic paint is slightly taken from
dunk
and draw on the ring finger
small bear constellations
I will lower the brush with some water
wait for her to become soft
elastic rubbing and napkin
I type on the tip and connect the dots
here from myself I open all the bottles with
lacquers white lacquer add on palettes take
foam chick dunk shade here
so that we don't have bubbles and but
nail
add white like this
I will put a turquoise point on the palettes
sponzhik already on the other hand a little bit
I dunk shade so that we do not
bubbles were going to add turquoise
and add fianeta violet I add as
would be on the sides of our drawing
like this on the palette
I will add white acrylic paint
I release a little brush into a container with
I squeeze water with moisture
paint on the tip and of course add
asterisks
when everything is dry I take a clear varnish
and a thin thin layer of grease a lot
points
I take the glitter and sprinkle a little
giving blink and such made all leg
points other than the ring finger
thus, I reinforce our design and
I give it the final result charm
I cover my nameless finger with our top
mother door
I'll wait for the sparkles to dry now
huskies and remove surplus
well friends today i showed you here
such an unusual funky manicure such
he is fascinating
space past such a manicure nobody
will not pass by yes and you yourself have made
such a manicure
want to look at him constantly
very extraordinary
very beautiful manicure
comment and like the likes
I liked the idea of this unusual
manicure cosmic constellation small
bears to new meetings bye bye